
Can you see my screen? Yep. Uh, this is group five.
We are presenting bingo card.
It is, uh, automated code compliance, uh, platform uh, provided in terms of software as a service, we rely on open source, uh, technology so far, uh.
Our workflow is demonstrated here in our GitHub repo.
We are developing that openly in public for each one who is interested to, uh,
watch us developing the workflow is that you have two inputs or two types of inputs.
The first one is an IFC file, uh, for a project and uh, a code or standard, uh,
that includes rules to be, uh, checked for, uh, compliance and so on and so forth.
Uh, it works that, uh, in that way that it extracts, automatically extracts rules from the, uh, standards or building codes using, uh,
an LP and prompt engineering, uh, in that we are also doing some research, linguistic analysis of building codes to enhance our extraction accuracy.
Uh, it is not fully automated. That includes the human in the loop.
Also to, uh, for accountability and accuracy, uh, we have assessed the risks of hallucinations or, uh, unreliable, uh, generated rules and so on.
Uh, so far, we have developed a prototype of our system, including all the things we need to provide.
Some of of the modules of development has reached, uh, considerable, uh, maturity level.
Uh, some of them are still under development. So in brief.
Uh, I'm going to show you through, uh, the interface, the web interface of the application.
That's, uh, an initial dashboard. Uh, if you were to start that workflow, you can click your new check or, uh, new project, something like that.
You are able to create a new project, upload an IFC file which would be stored in the database and stored and on, uh, a cloud storage.
Uh, you can also view the. The file you have uploaded here, or implemented of yours that will be used later on for annotation and coordination, so on.
Um, later on there is, uh, run analysis.
That's in case we so far, this module is still under development.
You check the project you would like to run an analysis for, and, uh, the analysis team.
So we are focusing on the architecture. The two disciplines is architecture and the map.
Uh, we will stay with the architecture and the building code.
We are verifying again inside the building code.
This means of ingress. Uh, it will demonstrate what, what it should look, uh, look like after the full development of that project of that mature.
Because this module is still under development. Uh, so in brief, it extracts the elements from the FC file, it finds the relevant,
uh, uh, clauses from the code that should be applicable to that element.
And it compares the comparison module under development.
But this is a prototype to show you how how we should act after the development of that, uh, module.
And uh, later on we will develop the report section.
It will exports uh analysis summary in terms of the documents management and so on.
You can also as mentioned earlier, you can upload a file here.
We have here for example uh chapter of the code.
You can edit or view it. Uh also under development the role extraction is to view.
It uses uh any like which should allow for any helium provider to be used.
And do choose the your terrorism model that you want to use.
And you bring your own API key.
Select the document you would like to analyze and uh press extract rules is still under development so far, but we have extracted rules, uh, manually.
Just for the verification and the proof of concept for the workflow.
So as you see, we have a prototype so far, but uh, and you have the option here to import the Json rulesets also as well.
Uh, but we have uh, still uh, we have still some modules under development.
Uh, we will be progressing through the upcoming weeks hopefully.
And thank you for your attention. Any questions? Um, no.
Thank you. Um. Yes. Thank you. Um, yes.
Is is is a strong, well structured model. And, um, you demonstrate IFC uploads and, uh, rule extraction, um, and open the show, um, IFC pairing and,
um, my, um, to Jason roll and will check and Pkf report and human, uh, episodes as well.
So it's. Yes. And, um, I really appreciate that response both or I principle and very well present throughout uh,
the whole, uh, whole whole scheme and, um, auditable and, and force positive monitoring as well.
And, um, this adoption roadmap is very practical.
Um, the only things I comment here as, uh, very limited, um, the evidence of your, um, um, real extraction, the accuracy,
um, and also the IFC validation performance and, um, yeah, you just show me the examples for the, uh, Jason library.
That is good. And I post to us and, um, but, uh, if you hadn't submit to me my test IMC or be, for example,
um, case and, um, maybe, um, you have, um, more petitions or we call, uh, example.
Um, that would be good. And um, and also the architecture of the dot architecture diagrams and the API reference.
That may be good for your next submission. Okay. Yes.
Not it. Not so I agree with your, uh, point of view.
Uh, some still under development and yes, in our roadmap, actually.
Thank you for your feedback. Yeah, yeah. No problem.
Yeah I see as in the right direction. So keep going. Thank you.