
Hi, all. Can you see my screen? Yep, it's group five.
I'll quickly go through our workflow and, uh,
we'll highlight after that the limitations and the upcoming work to be, uh, developed or under development.
Uh, improve. Our project compares an IFC file against a set of rules.
Uh, you can upload an IFC file, and we choose the open BIM Workflow to encourage that open source,
uh uh, movement, uh, as you see in the workflow here.
This is how you upload the project. After that, you can visualize that project in the viewer 3D viewer sample one showing the project,
and later on that will be used for issues management.
Uh, also you can upload a document of rules, uh, to be extracted like, uh, typically a standard or uh, a code building code, something like that.
And here we show how to run analysis against the, uh, certain standard.
I would like to highlight that we missed a step here in the recording. I'll come back to that again.
Um, and when you run the analysis, analysis is so far directed towards certain or specific,
uh, types of rules, uh, and specific elements like doors, windows, uh, and, uh, evacuation.
Uh, this is the analysis result. It shows like it highlights in a table what have burst and what haven't, what was in the border line.
And it can export PDF and Excel. Uh, that's a sample.
Uh, it's a generated system generated PDF file. Showing what passed and what happened.
And this is the door. Uh, uh, sorry, this is the Excel schedule also showing what pass and what haven't passed.
Uh, here, I'll come through the different, uh, documents we have used and some, uh, windows of the project.
Uh, this is a sample building code we have used. And as you can see, the structured text.
So one of the things under development now is working on unstructured texts.
This is the case of natural building codes and standards being used.
This is to be developed. And this one shows the documents uploaded before we have been through that.
This is a viewer window and this is the rules extraction workflow.
We are using two different workflows for rules in structured extraction.
The LM one. It used to work before but we had a bug here right now.
So it's still under development. And this is the NLP or regex a regular expression way of extraction.
I didn't want to waste your time showing you how to run the pipeline, but simply we we upload.
We select a file here from the library and we give it a name for uh.
We categorize the rules by filters for better user experience.
And after you run the by applying it. It loads for some time and it gives you some look here.
Uh, during the extraction for server observability, uh, and uh, this is if you click here, it will drive you to the rules library.
It's still also under, uh, some improvement for user experience.
We have improved that a lot since the last, uh, submission. And, uh, uh, this is the sample analysis window.
Also can go through the different ways, uh, the different items that is being checked and analyzed.
And this is the export function here. Uh, we will add something at the end, like, like there are two, uh, besides the rule extraction, uh,
development that we can extract, that, uh, that's still under development to extract from unstructured text.
We still have two things under development. The modeling manual.
Because out of our research, we found out that there should be some manuals and the best practices to be followed for the better results.
Also, the reporting part, uh, besides the exporting and Excel and PDF static files,
there is a PDF file that should be exported for coordination between different, uh, software.
And this is our repo of the code.
It is public for everyone. Feel free to try and, uh, evaluate.
Uh, thank you all for your time. Looking forward to hearing feedback.
Uh, also, I'd like to add something that we have I haven't touched upon in the rule extraction part.
It should be, uh, Um, a confusion matrix highlighting the accuracy that will be part of the research,
but we haven't covered that yet because that's part still under development. We hope to complete that by the final submission.
Okay. Thank you. Um, well, um, it's good development. Um, I know it's it's still quite a lot of on hold at the moment.
Um, but, um, you you did, uh, improve on the second submission, and, um,
you you get the IFC in and BCF out, uh, platform here and, um, geometry, um, process and standardization.
So, um, synthetic validation. Um, so it's it's been building up the framework.
Um, um, slowly. Okay.
So, um, a strong research, uh, review in here and then, um, technically interesting to combine the AI through extraction and also, um.
Um, and also, I think the module separated, improve the explanation and testing and maintainability as well.
And the IFC geometry recovery relationship analysis and the BCF reporting human rule approval as well considered and also the the
testing produce identify BCF issues from 25 synthetic elements and include 16 of the high end critical case in your proposed documents.
And however I think the central extraction precisions and we call an LRM as a judge table and you still need to put some effort on it.
And then, um, consider this is a third submission and that should be in place now.
Um, so, um, a lot of work you can catch up in here and um,
compare with other team and the the main AI components do not demonstrate properly in here, and I cannot see it from documentation.
And, um, the corruption, uh, the corrosion, um, validations, uh, relies on a small, uh, synthetic data set.
But however, while it's causing the 160 day schedule impacts and you need a more stronger assumption validation here.
Okay. So that is the, the the bigger part.
Um, I think you need to improve it as well. So for next submission and I want you guys to complete the red X and uh, versus the, uh,
real extraction evaluation here and more test, the different uh, will be called IFC exposure.
So, um, it's more solid, uh, test in here.
And, um, also, you mentioned the confusion matrix you have in place and false positive negative is not in place as well.
So that's need to catch up and integrate the missing engines and also the the obtain the corrosion expert review.
Um it's still not in here. So um you need to have um uh, validate course program assumption evidence and include the traceable, uh,
BCF examples and make it more complete production, uh, evidence in here for your submission for the final submission.
So still got quite a lot of work to do, but, uh, you still got time to catch up if you guys, um, uh, put the effort on that.
Okay. Um, so, Thiago, uh, yes, I was, I was going to to mention some of the things I think you already attached the key points.
Uh, I think the team faced a lot of challenges, you know, in the, in the past few months.
So I want to to mention the the amount of effort that they were able to to surpass themselves and still be able to move forward, as I said.
And, um, I think they from a technology perspective, they solve the key aspects.
Now they need to polish the end product in a way, because as you said, the results are there.
But, uh, from a presentation perspective, and they know that and we we discussed this on our previous meeting.
Um, it's not the final presentation. And I, we discuss that it's better to focus on keep moving forward.
And then we, uh, do the, the final, uh, enhancements.
Uh, and as you say, uh, some of these things is just a matter of, uh,
bringing them to the presentation, to the documentation, improving a little bit user experience.
But some of the critical problems to be solved, already solved now is just to keep going.
And as I said, uh, I know that steam passed through a complicated period.
And now let's enjoy the summer to get it to the finish line.
But keep going, Tim. Well done. Yeah, yeah.
Still got time to catch up. So, um, don't give up. Um, keep.
Keep going. Okay. Uh. Well done. So, um.
